# apps
Self-use
  All resources are shared by various great people.  If there is any infringement, please contact us for deletion.

  All users who view the content of this repository in any way, or directly or indirectly use the content of this repository, should carefully read this statement.The administrator of this repository reserves the right to change or supplement this disclaimer at any time.Once you use, copy, or modify the content of this repository, you are deemed to have accepted this disclaimer.

  The warehouse manager cannot guarantee the legality, accuracy, completeness, and validity of the content in this warehouse.  Please make your own judgment based on the situation.The content of this warehouse is only used for testing, learning and research.It is prohibited to use it for commercial purposes.  It is not allowed to use it for other purposes that violate national, regional, organizational and other laws and regulations or relevant provisions.  It is prohibited to reprint and release the content of this warehouse in any form on any official account or we media.Please do not use the content of this warehouse within the territory of the People's Republic of China, or you will bear the consequences.

  The third-party hardware and software involved in the content of this repository have no direct or indirect relationship with the content of this repository.The content of this repository only provides an objective description of the deployment and usage process, and does not represent support for the use of any third-party hardware or software.Any consequences resulting from the use of any third-party hardware or software are borne by the individual or organization using it, and are unrelated to the content of this repository.

  All individuals and organizations that directly or indirectly use the content of this repository should complete their learning and research within 24 hours and delete the content of this repository in a timely manner.If there is a need for the functionality of this repository content, relevant functionality should be developed by themselves.Any modifications based on the source code of this repository content are the spontaneous actions of other individuals or organizations, and have no direct or indirect relationship with the content of this repository.  All consequences arising therefrom are also unrelated to the content of this repository and the administrator of this repository.
